Ques 1> Differences between ERP and SAP
                                     ERP                                             SAP
        * ERP are software solutions that helps organizations           * SAP is multinational company that sells ERP software 
          to manage their business processes.                             solutions to business.
        * ERP is a web-based application.                               * SAP is developer that provides variety of options depending upon requirements.
        * ERP systems are more focused about the organization           * SAP takes the care of both customers and organization while developing
          growth.                                                         software solutions.

Ques 2> What is SAP?
        SAP means "Systems Applications and Products in data processing".
        SAP is one of the world’s leading producers of software for the management of business processes, developing solutions that facilitate effective data processing
        and information flow across organisations
        SAP is the fourth largest software company in the world – www.sap.com

        The SAP Software system was developed in 1971 by five IBM engineers, Hopp, Wellenreuther, Hector, Tschira and Plattner, who worked together on an internal
        project. In June 1972, they left IBM and founded the SAP company
        The aim was to develop software solutions for managing customer and business operations relationships.
        SAP is ranked No.1 in the ERP market.
        As of 2010, SAP has more than 140,000 installations worldwide, over 25 industry-specific business solutions, and more than 75,000 customers in 120 countries.

Ques 3> What is SAP NetWeaver?
        SAP NetWeaver is SAP’s primary integration platform that supports applications such as SAP CRM and SAP ERP. Companies can use this software to integrate business
        processes and data from different software. It offers the foundation to operate different application landscapes
        Developers and administrators use SAP NetWeaver to handle different SAP systems.
        
        SAP NetWeaver was developed by TopTier Software in 1997. In 2001, this company was acquired by SAP. Later in 2004, SAP NetWeaver was launched by SAP as NetWeaver
        2004. NetWeaver 7.0 was made launched on October 24, 2005. The SAP NetWeaver7.5 SP 19 is the latest version.
        
Ques 4> What are the different SAP products?
        SAP R/3 – It succeeds SAP R/2 and is a market leader in ERP. R/3 stands for three-tier architecture, i.e., Presentation, Logic, and Data tier. It has many modules
        like SD, FI, HR, etc. which encompass almost all enterprise departments.
        mySAP – It is a suite of SAP products which apart from SAP R/3 also includes SRM, PLM, CRM, SCM
        
Ques 5> What are the different types of ERP?
        SAP
        Baan
        JD Edwards (now acquired by Oracle)
        Siebel
        Peoplesoft (now acquired by Oracle)
        Microsoft Dynamics
        
Ques 1> What is ERP?
        ERP stands for Enterprise Resource Planning Software and is an integrated computer-based system used to manage a company’s resources effectively. It ensures
        smooth information amongst various departments in an enterprise or a company and manages workflows.
        
Ques 6> 6) List the Different Modules in SAP.
        Financial Accounting (FI)
        Financial Supply Chain Management (FSCM)
        Controlling (CO)
        Materials Management (MM)
        Sales and Distribution (SD)
        Logistics Execution (LE)
        Production Planning (PP)
        Quality Management (QM)
        Plant Maintenance (PM)
        Project System (PS)
        Human Resources (HR)
